{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11940\viewh12600\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 A. Good Magazine
\b0 \
Infographics for the magazine's on-line Transparency column.\
\
Objects:\
1. Foreclosures\
2. Detail\
3. Literacy Rates\
4. Detail\
5. Meat Consumption\
6. Detail\
7. Crimes Committed\
8. Detail\

\b \
B. Brass Rat
\b0 \
Logo, business card, and website for California based ocean engineers.\
\
Objects: \
1. Logo; \
2. Business card\
3. Website homepage (in development)\
4. Website sample page (in development)\
\

\b C. Atlason Racing
\b0 \
Icons, identity, collateral, website and vehicle graphics for a motorcycle racing team.\
\
Objects:\
1. 8/20 icons\
2. Logo\
3. Tee-shirt (sternum)\
4. Tee-shirt (clavicle)\
5. Website homepage (in development)\
6. Website sample page (in development)\
7. The bike itself.\
\

\b D. Christie's
\b0 \
Art direction and design of this sale catalogue for the venerable auction house. The sale did (roughly) 13 million dollars in business. This was, obviously, because of the catalogue.\
\
Objects:\
1. Cover\
2. Sample spread 1\
3. Sample spread 2\
4. Sample spread 3\
5. Sample spread 4\
6. Back cover\
\

\b E. Proposed Product Design
\b0 \
In collaboration with Atlason, these items were designed for presentation to various manufacturers. If you are interested please do get in touch.\
\
Objects:\
1. Paper airplane paperweight (idea = Zut Alors!; rendering: Atlason)\
2. A set of candleholders (idea = Zut Alors! / Atlason; rendering: Atlason)\
\

\b F. Pratt
\b0 \
Two posters; one for a Halloween party, and a set advertising a lecture.\
\
Objects:\
1. Halloween\
2. Mandatory Elective Course Lecture: Intro\
2a. Frame 1 detail\
3. Mandatory Elective Course Lecture: Rising Action / Apex\
3a. Frame 2 detail \
4. Mandatory Elective Course Lecture: Falling Action / Conclusion\
4a. Frame 3 detail\

\b \
G. Def Jux
\b0 \
T-shirts for a New York record label.\
\
Objects:\
1. Tee #1: The alphabet is a rapper's best friend\
2. Tee #2: The Stick-Up (front)\
\

\b H. Various - Smaller jobs than the small jobs that preceeded them\

\b0 Media Eye Works\
Identity and stationery for a Pennsylvania based optometrist.\
\
Riggler\
A tee-shirt for my friend the RIggler.\
\
Ray West\
CD design for a Bronx born producer.\
\
Empire State\
\
Tee #1: Snoop (front) \
Tee #1: Snoop (back)\
Tee #3: Logo Mash\
\
Blue & Cream\
A skateboard for a Hamptons based boutique.\
\

\b I. A Pawns Rebellion-
\b0 \
Logo, collateral and website for a Brooklyn based folk-punk-doo-wop-hip-hop band.\
\
Objects:\
1. Logotype\
2. Logo(s)\
3. Stickers 1\
4. Sticker 2\
5. Poster\
6. Poster Detail\
7. Website\

\b \
J. The New York Times\

\b0 Illustrations for the letters section of the grey lady.\
\
Objects:\
1. Repondez s'il vous plait!\
2. Supreme \
\

\b K. Zut Alors!
\b0 \
Promotional materials to generate some interest (read: $) in the studio.\
\
Objects:\
1. The Business card\
2. The business card's soul; \
3 - 8. Opening Announcement\
}